hey guys what's up Hamzah here and today
i'll be unboxing my brand new samsung
s8500
aka the wave so here's the box
pretty simple box on the back you have
the warranty card maybe the specs are
posted beneath that we'll take a look at
that later a 2 gigabyte microSD card ok
let's take this baby out okay I hope to
see you do not accept if the seal is
broken so here is the cutter when I
gently cut it making sure that I don't
damage the box okay maybe that sticker
needs to be a little bit more
cares out so on the top you have the
device itself looks pretty neat we'll
take a look at that at the end let's dig
deeper and see what's in the box okay
this seems empty it's pretty light on
the second floor have the user manual in
the disk four I believe that the new
software called kites or keys okay
beneath that how wall it came with a
pouch
I bought a separate one already but well
this is better one so I can use that for
another phone maybe for my over HTC okay
with that you have the ready standard
headphones the one these are identical
to the one that came with the Monty data
cable micro USB to USB pretty standard
got your Nokia copycat charger and it's
also micro USB and of course in the end
you have the huge Samsung battery which
is 1500 milliamp power and combine it
with the Super AMOLED screen on this
phone and you're expecting a fantastic
battery life so let's check it out so
that we can put this boot this phone for
the first time so as the battery is the
phone let's look at the phone itself mmm
the phone is entirely made out of metal
this is all metal part only this is
plastic and these buttons are plastic
apart from that this is glass and this
is metal the build quality is very much
unsampled like I would like to say
because normally Samsung's are the type
of phone that you just check it out of
the box and they are covered with
smudges and fingerprints but that's not
the case here most of the material here
is matte
so let's take off this protective shield
to reveal its Super AMOLED screen okay
this is glass surface multi-touch
capacitive 800 by 480 resolution let's
pop in the battery between need slider
cover mechanism here and and this is all
metal as well
I'm gonna insert the sim a bit later
okay let's turn it on the on/off button
seems to be here okay it's on and the
screen I don't know you whether you can
tell it from the camera or not but the
screen is absolutely brilliant but I can
demonstrate the viewing angles for you
and you can see there is absolutely no
contrast drop at all from this screen so
is the screen and I can tell you it
looks brilliant even with the default
settings okay so that's that I'm gonna
use this phone for a couple of weeks try
test it out and give you my verdict
after a week or two in my review of this
phone till then this is a mere hamza
signing off